Dear Sam,
Hi. How are you? I do hope you are good. Below is the homework assignment.

QUESTIONS I WOULD ASK FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE NAIROBI YOUTH TECH APP.

1.  What are some of your interests as a youth in the tech world?
2.  Currently, what are some of the things you enjoy doing and seeing in your tech community?
3.  What are some of the challenges you face when either trying to relate with other techies or when trying to join a similar community or both?
4.  If you could, what are some of the changes you would like to see being implemented?
5.  How often have you heard of or been to a tech meeting? 
6.  How would you describe your participation in the tech world? What are your restrictions? 
7.  In the event of an app being made particularly for the tech community in Nairobi, what are some of the features you will need over what you would like to see in the app?


RATIONALE.


Candidate Number: E19
Center number: 14R6

Most of the questions asked were to bring out the reasons as to why most youth in Nairobi weren't as active in the tech world as they were in other sectors like education, sports etc. The whole research was basically to find out how to make life for a techie in Nairobi easier by introducing a common access point for all the youth interested in this sector. This particular candidate showed signs of desperation, exasperation and interest but lacked a way of expression. 
He was desperate for means and ways of connecting with other techies, for a sense of notice in the tech world and had a thirst to learn more but was restricted to only what he had access to. He was exasperated by how all his efforts to connect with other techies and attend events bore fruitless. In his line of life, most workshops, hackathons and tech events would happen very far from his location, he had a language barrier with whom he was close to and lacked a medium for interaction. The questions asked from the beginning were friendly to break down the wall of conservation so that he would be freer with me. This interview was done on a one to one basis and proved fruitful in that i got information that would help me address some of the issues, if not all, faced by techies in the vicinity of Nairobi.


                                                               Thank you so much for your attention.

                                                                          Regards,
                                                                             Grace John.
